The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
We need to rent a room for our party.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The lake is a long way from here.
This is a Japanese doll.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I want more detailed information.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Mary plays the piano.
She did her best to help him.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Please wait outside of the house.
Two seats were vacant.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
We have a lot of rain in June.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She advised him to come back at once.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The book is in front of the table.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
The stranger officiates the meal.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The river stole the gods.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Not all people who wander are lost.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
Love is not like pizza.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Be careful with that butter knife.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
So long and thanks for the fish.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
In that instant, everything changed.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
He drank life before spitting it out.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Greetings from the real universe.
There's a message for you if you look up.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Hit me with your pet shark!
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
She cried diamonds.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Flying fish few by the space station.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
The father died during childbirth.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
We should play with legos at camp.
I’m a living furnace.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
At last
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
With the high wind warning
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
The heat
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Instead of a bachelorette party
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
On each full moon
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
I am a kindergarten student.
My name is Ahsan Bin Asif.
My name is Musharab Sabeen.
I like to play with my friends.
The sun is bright.
I see a big tree.
Birds can fly in the sky.
Flowers are pretty.
I have a red ball.
Cats say meow.
Dogs say woof.
I can jump high.
I can run fast.
I like to color with crayons.
I have a blue backpack.
My teacher is nice.
The butterfly is colorful.
I can count to ten.
I like to eat apples.
I can sing a song.
I have a yellow pencil.
The moon comes out at night.
I can hop on one foot.
"I see a big, yellow school bus."
I can build with blocks.
My favorite color is blue.
I can draw a smiley face.
I like to read  books.
I can say please and thank you.
I have a green crayon.
I can share with my friends.
I like to play on the swings.
My family loves me.
I can write my name.
I like to eat pizza.
I can make a sandcastle.
The stars twinkle at night.
I can swim in the pool.
I like to dance and sing.
I can tie my shoes.
I can see a rainbow.
I can make a funny face.
I like to play with my toys.
I have a purple teddy bear.
I can say hello and goodbye.
I like to brush my teeth.
I can ride my bike.
I can play hide and seek.
I like to go to the park.
I can give hugs.
I am a happy kid.
You are a special friend.
You can do it!
I like playing with you.
You make me smile.
What is your favorite color? You can tell me.
You are so kind.
You can share your toys.
You are a great helper.
You are good at coloring.
You have a big heart.
You can learn something new today.
You are a superstar!
You are my best friend.
You are awesome.
You can be anything you want to be.
You have a wonderful imagination.
You are important.
You are full of energy.
You can be a good listener.
You can count to ten.
You are a great artist.
You can say please and thank you.
You have a bright smile.
You can give a big hug.
You are good at playing games.
You can use your inside voice.
You have a lovely laugh.
You can be polite.
You can try your best.
You are a good sharer.
You can be a good friend.
"You have a big, caring heart."
You can be a good helper.
You are fantastic!
You can use your words.
You are a wonderful person.
You can make others happy.
You have a great sense of humor.
You can be a leader.
You are a great problem solver.
You can be gentle.
You have a lot of potential.
You are a superstar in the making.
You can learn and grow every day.
You are a bright star.
You can be a kind friend.
You are unique and special.
You can be a good teammate.
You have a wonderful personality.
You can do amazing things!
The sun is big and yellow.
I have a red ball.
My cat is soft and fluffy.
We love to play outside.
Rain makes the flowers grow.
Look at the colorful balloons.
Birds can fly in the sky.
Let’s count to ten.
The butterfly is so pretty.
I see a green frog.
Ducks swim in the pond.
The fish are in the water.
Mom makes yummy cookies.
Cars go vroom on the road.
Bunnies hop in the garden.
Dinosaurs are big and roar.
I can jump very high.
The moon shines at night.
Butterflies have colorful wings.
I love my family.
Clean make sentence
Clean your hands before eating.
Make sure your room is clean.
The kitchen should always be clean.
We should keep our school clean.
Clean up your toys when you’re done playing.
Always wear clean clothes to school.
Don’t forget to brush your teeth to keep them clean.
Use a clean napkin to wipe your face.
Let’s keep our environment clean by not littering.
A clean desk helps you study better.
Clean water is essential for our health.
The classroom should be neat and clean.
Wash your hands with soap to keep them clean.
Clean the blackboard after the lesson.
Clean your plate after you finish your meal.
It’s important to keep our air clean.
Wear clean socks and shoes every day.
Keep your pet’s bed clean and comfortable.
Use a clean tissue when you sneeze.
A clean environment is a happy environment.
I use a smartphone.
Please charge your phone.
My battery is low.
Can I use your charger?
The Wi-Fi is not working.
Please connect to the internet.
I forgot my password.
Can you reset the system?
Please restart the computer.
I use a laptop daily.
The printer is not working.
Please send me an email.
I got a new phone.
Can you install this app?
Please update the software.
My computer is slow.
I need more storage.
Please transfer the files.
The screen is broken.
Please switch off the phone.
Can you call me?
I will message you.
I am online now.
I am offline now.
Please check your inbox.
Can you share the link?
The video is buffering.
Please turn on the camera.
Can you hear me?
I can’t hear you.
Please unmute yourself.
The microphone is not working.
Please log in.
Please log out.
My phone is ringing.
I am recording this video.
Can you join the call?
I will send you the photos.
Please back up the data.
I forgot my username.
Please set a strong password.
I use social media daily.
Please like and share this post.
I uploaded a picture.
The website is down.
Please refresh the page.
Can you open the file?
I can’t download this.
The app crashed.
I will restart the device.
Today is a sunny day.
It is raining outside.
The sky is clear.
It is very hot today.
It is too cold.
The weather is pleasant.
The sun is shining brightly.
It is cloudy.
I think it will rain.
The wind is blowing hard.
The weather is changing.
The temperature is high.
The temperature is low.
It is snowing outside.
The fog is very thick.
It is drizzling.
The storm is coming.
The sky looks dark.
I love spring season.
I enjoy winter mornings.
Summer is very hot here.
Autumn is beautiful.
The weather is unpredictable.
The climate is dry.
The climate is humid.
The rain has stopped.
The ground is wet.
The roads are slippery.
The sun is setting.
The sun is rising.
The moon is bright.
Stars are shining.
The night is cool.
I like rainy days.
I love sunny mornings.
The breeze is cool.
It is hailing.
The thunder is loud.
Lightning is dangerous.
The air is fresh.
The weather is warm.
The sky is blue.
I can hear the rain.
The snow is melting.
The sun is too strong.
The cold wind is blowing.
It is a beautiful morning.
It is a peaceful evening.
The night is silent.
The day is bright.
I love my family.
My parents are kind.
I respect my elders.
My brother is helpful.
My sister is very caring.
I live with my grandparents.
Please listen to your parents.
I play with my cousin.
My uncle is a teacher.
My aunt cooks delicious food.
I enjoy family gatherings.
We celebrate festivals together.
I help my mother at home.
My father goes to work.
I share everything with my brother.
My sister studies hard.
Please talk politely with elders.
I respect my father’s advice.
I always obey my parents.
My family supports me.
We love each other.
My children are playful.
My wife is very kind.
My husband is hardworking.
My daughter sings well.
My son loves cricket.
We spend weekends together.
We eat dinner as a family.
I miss my family.
My family is my strength.
I love my home.
I enjoy talking to my relatives.
My friends are like family.
My cousin is my best friend.
We take care of each other.
I call my parents every day.
My family celebrates birthdays together.
We support each other in difficulties.
My family is large.
My family is small.
My grandparents tell me stories.
I respect family traditions.
My family is very loving.
I am proud of my parents.
We enjoy family trips.
My family always guides me.
We spend time together.
My family loves me unconditionally.
My family gives me happiness.
Family is everything.
I am feeling healthy today.
I need to exercise daily.
Please drink more water.
I go for a morning walk.
I practice yoga every day.
I need to lose weight.
I am on a diet.
Please eat fresh fruits.
Don’t eat too much junk food.
I love running.
I go jogging in the park.
I do push-ups daily.
Please breathe deeply.
I go to the gym.
I need more energy.
I want to stay fit.
I sleep for 8 hours daily.
Please avoid smoking.
Drink green tea every morning.
I am feeling tired.
I need to rest.
My head hurts.
I feel weak today.
Please take your medicine.
I am visiting the doctor.
I need a medical check-up.
Do you exercise regularly?
I love swimming.
Cycling keeps me fit.
I play football every weekend.
Please stretch before exercise.
Drink milk every day.
Eat more vegetables.
Health is wealth.
I avoid oily food.
Please go for a walk.
I need to relax my mind.
I am learning meditation.
I practice breathing exercises.
I go to bed early.
I wake up early.
I don’t skip breakfast.
Please do regular check-ups.
Eat small portions.
Don’t eat late at night.
Exercise makes me happy.
I drink warm water in the morning.
I take vitamins daily.
Walking is good for health.
Stay active every day.
Please call a doctor.
I need medical help.
Where is the hospital?
Please call an ambulance.
I feel unwell.
I have chest pain.
I need some medicine.
Please give me water.
"Can you help me, please?"
I lost my bag.
Please call the police.
Where is the police station?
My phone is stolen.
I need first aid.
Please help me find my way.
I missed my train.
Please guide me to the airport.
My wallet is missing.
Can you inform my family?
Please take me to the hotel.
I am lost.
Can you speak English?
I don’t understand.
Please repeat slowly.
I need a taxi quickly.
My passport is lost.
I am not feeling safe.
Please stay with me.
Call emergency services.
I need help immediately.
Where is the fire exit?
Please open the door.
There is a fire.
Help me get out.
Please call the fire department.
Where is the nearest pharmacy?
I need painkillers.
Please take me to a clinic.
Can you call a nurse?
My leg is injured.
I have a headache.
I need water quickly.
Please give me a chair.
Can you call my doctor?
Please stay calm.
"Don’t worry, help is coming."
Can you write it down?
I need directions to the hospital.
Please inform the police.
Thank you for helping me.
"Good morning, teacher."
May I come in?
Please open your  books.
Write this in your notebook.
Read the paragraph aloud.
Can I ask a question?
Please explain again.
I don’t understand this.
Can you help me?
I will complete my homework.
Please repeat the answer.
May I go to the washroom?
May I drink water?
I forgot my notebook.
Please lend me a pen.
I will attend the class.
Please listen carefully.
Don’t make noise.
Let’s start the lesson.
The exam will start soon.
I have prepared for the test.
Please submit your homework.
I like this subject.
The teacher is kind.
I enjoy reading books.
Can I sit here?
Please close the door.
Don’t be late for class.
Raise your hand to answer.
Please solve this problem.
Let’s work in groups.
Write the date on the board.
Can you spell this word?
I got full marks.
I will improve next time.
Please don’t cheat.
Let’s play during recess.
The bell has rung.
Time is over.
Collect the notebooks.
Please read silently.
This chapter is interesting.
Please clear your doubts.
I will participate in the quiz.
Let’s practice English.
I like learning new words.
Please prepare for tomorrow’s test.
I will write neatly.
Don’t forget your homework.
"Thank you, teacher."
"Good morning, everyone."
Let’s start the meeting.
Can you share the report?
Please check your email.
I will send you the file.
Let’s discuss this project.
Do you have an update?
The deadline is tomorrow.
I will finish this task today.
Please submit your work.
Can we reschedule the meeting?
Let’s meet after lunch.
Can you explain this point?
Please review the document.
I will call the client.
Can you take notes?
Let’s divide the work.
I need some assistance.
Can you help me with this?
I will prepare the presentation.
Please switch on the projector.
Let’s discuss the budget.
This idea looks good.
Can you make changes in the file?
Please update the spreadsheet.
I will check the figures.
Let’s finalize the design.
Do you agree with this point?
Can we get approval?
Please contact the supplier.
Let’s plan the next steps.
I will inform the manager.
Can we extend the deadline?
Please prepare a report.
Let’s brainstorm new ideas.
This presentation looks perfect.
Can you schedule a meeting?
I will handle this task.
Please wait in the lobby.
Let’s check the progress.
The project is complete.
Can you arrange the files?
Please send a reminder email.
Let’s discuss this tomorrow.
I will get back to you.
Please share your opinion.
Let’s work as a team.
Can you update me regularly?
This work looks excellent.
Thank you for your support.
I am hungry.
What’s for breakfast?
I want a cup of tea.
Can I get a glass of water?
Please give me some juice.
I love spicy food.
I don’t eat meat.
Can you make it less spicy?
I am a vegetarian.
Do you have vegan options?
Please pass the salt.
Can I have some sugar?
I would like some rice.
I want to eat bread.
This curry tastes delicious.
The soup is hot.
The food is too salty.
I need a spoon.
Please give me a fork.
Can I have a plate?
Where are the napkins?
Let’s eat together.
Please serve the food.
What’s on the menu?
Can I order pasta?
Please bring me the bill.
I will pay in cash.
The service is good.
The food smells nice.
I am thirsty.
"Can I have some water, please?"
I would like some fruit.
Please bring me tea without sugar.
Do you serve breakfast all day?
Can you recommend a dish?
What’s your special today?
Please bring me some salad.
Can I get extra sauce?
Do you have desserts?
I love ice cream.
Please give me chocolate cake.
I don’t like bitter food.
Can I pack this food?
Please make it takeaway.
The coffee is too hot.
Please add some milk.
Do you have cold drinks?
Can I get bottled water?
This is very tasty.
Thank you for the meal.
Where is the nearest bus stop?
How do I get to the railway station?
Can you tell me the way to the airport?
How far is the hotel from here?
Can I get a taxi here?
Please take me to this address.
How much is the fare?
Do you accept online payment?
I need a train ticket to Delhi.
Where can I book a flight?
Is this the bus to Mumbai?
What time does the train leave?
Where is the ticket counter?
How long will the journey take?
Where is the waiting room?
Is this seat taken?
Can I sit here?
Where is platform number 3?
Which bus goes to the market?
Do you know the way to the museum?
Can you show me on the map?
Is the hotel nearby?
Please book a room for two.
How much is one night stay?
Do you have free Wi-Fi?
What time is check-in?
What time is check-out?
Can I get a taxi from here?
How much is the entry ticket?
Where can I buy tickets?
Do you have a guide service?
Can I hire a guide?
Is English spoken here?
Where is the information desk?
Can I get some brochures?
Do you have local maps?
Where is the washroom?
Where can I eat?
Is there a vegetarian restaurant?
Do you serve breakfast?
What time does the restaurant open?
What time does the restaurant close?
Can I order room service?
Please give me the menu.
Do you have mineral water?
Can you recommend a place to visit?
Where can I buy souvenirs?
How can I reach the city center?
Can I get a return ticket?
I enjoyed the trip very much.
How much does this cost?
Can I get a discount?
Do you have this in another size?
Do you have this in blue?
"I am just looking, thank you."
Can I try this on?
Where is the fitting room?
I like this shirt.
I want to buy this.
Can I pay by card?
Do you accept cash?
"Can you pack this, please?"
I need a bag.
Please show me something cheaper.
Please show me something new.
I am searching for a gift.
Do you have fresh vegetables?
Where can I find fruits?
Can I get half a kilo of apples?
Please give me a bottle of milk.
Do you sell bread?
Where is the billing counter?
Can you weigh this for me?
Can I return this item?
What is the return policy?
Do you have home delivery?
Do you accept UPI payment?
Is this product available online?
Can you give me the bill?
Do you have offers today?
Is there a sale going on?
How many colors are available?
Please give me two of these.
I need three bottles of water.
Can you deliver this to my home?
This is too expensive.
Can you lower the price?
Do you have any discounts?
I like this product.
I will take it.
I will buy this later.
Can you hold this for me?
Is there warranty on this?
Do you sell electronics?
Can I exchange this later?
Where is the grocery section?
Where is the clothing section?
Please wrap this as a gift.
Can you help me find this item?
I am done shopping.
I wake up at 6 a.m.
I brush my teeth every morning.
I take a shower daily.
I drink a glass of water.
I get dressed for work.
I make breakfast.
I read the newspaper.
I check my emails.
I pack my bag.
I leave for work at 9 a.m.
I take the bus to school.
I drive to the office.
I attend meetings.
I talk to my colleagues.
I answer phone calls.
I eat lunch at noon.
I finish my tasks.
I write notes.
I attend classes.
I listen to lectures.
I go shopping in the evening.
I play with my friends.
I help my parents.
I cook dinner.
I set the table.
I watch TV.
I go for a walk.
I feed the pets.
I water the plants.
I study before bed.
I do my homework.
I call my friends.
I talk to my family.
I prepare for the next day.
I check social media.
I listen to music.
I read a  book.
I clean my room.
I brush my teeth at night.
I say goodnight to everyone.
I set the alarm.
I lie down on the bed.
I close my eyes.
I go to sleep.
I wake up feeling fresh.
I stretch my body.
I drink tea in the morning.
I take a nap in the afternoon.
I exercise regularly.
I plan my next day.
"Hello, how are you?"
"Good morning, have a nice day."
"Good afternoon, how’s everything?"
"Good evening, how was your day?"
Nice to meet you.
Long time no see.
How have you been?
Glad to see you again.
How is everything going?
Hope you’re doing well.
What’s up?
How’s life?
How’s your day so far?
How’s work going?
Pleased to meet you.
Welcome back.
It’s nice to see you.
How’s your family?
How are things at your end?
What’s new with you?
Good to see you again.
How’s your morning?
How’s your evening?
Hope your day is great.
Have a wonderful day.
How’s everything at home?
How are you doing today?
Hope you’re feeling better.
Have a good morning.
Have a good night.
See you later.
See you soon.
Take care
Talk to you soon.
Catch you later.
See you tomorrow.
All the best.
Hope to see you again.
Have a safe journey.
It was nice talking to you.
Stay safe.
Stay healthy.
Wishing you a great day.
Let’s catch up soon.
Glad we met today.
Take it easy.
I’ll see you around.
Have fun.
Good luck with your work.
Have a great weekend.
"I wanted to go to the party, but I had too much work to do."
"She studied hard all night, so she aced the exam."
"He enjoys playing basketball, and his brother prefers soccer."
"The sun was shining, yet it started to rain."
"John wanted pizza for dinner, while his sister craved sushi."
"She will attend the meeting, or she will send her colleague in her place."
"I’ll go to the gym, and then I’ll grab a healthy smoothie."
"The movie was long, but it was also very entertaining."
"They went shopping for clothes, yet they couldn’t find anything they liked."
"She enjoys hiking in the mountains, although she’s not a fan of camping."
"The cat is napping on the couch, so the dog is playing outside."
"We can either watch a movie at home, or we can go to the cinema."
"The restaurant was crowded, but the food was delicious."
"He was exhausted, yet he stayed up to finish his project."
"She loves to read books, and she also enjoys writing short stories."
"I wanted to sleep in, but my alarm went off early."
"They both enjoy listening to music, and they often attend concerts together."
"The store had a sale on shoes, so she bought two pairs."
"He’s a great singer, and he can play the guitar."
"She likes coffee, whereas her brother prefers tea."
"The team practiced all week, but they still lost the game."
"She studied hard for the test, yet she didn’t do well."
"I can either take the bus to work, or I can ride my bike."
"The weather was sunny, so they went for a picnic."
"He enjoys cooking, and he’s also skilled at baking."
"She loves to travel, although she doesn’t like long flights."
"The cake was delicious, but it was too sweet."
"I wanted to buy the red dress, but it was too expensive."
"The concert was sold out, yet we managed to get tickets."
"She worked late at the office, and then she went for a run."
"They both enjoy gardening, and their yard is full of flowers."
"The restaurant had great reviews, but the service was slow."
"I have to finish this report, so I’ll be working late tonight."
"He likes to swim, whereas his sister prefers to sunbathe."
"The book was long, yet it was a captivating read."
"She wanted to go to the beach, but the weather was bad."
"They were tired after the hike, yet they felt accomplished."
"I’ll bake cookies for the party, and I’ll make brownies too."
"The cat is sleeping, yet the dog is barking."
"She loves chocolate, and she also enjoys vanilla ice cream."
"The park is beautiful, but it’s quite crowded today."
"I have to finish my homework, or I’ll get a low grade."
"He enjoys playing the piano, and he’s a talented guitarist."
"She’s a vegetarian, yet she enjoys cooking meat for her family."
"The movie was exciting, but it had a predictable ending."
"They were running late, so they took a taxi to the airport."
"I like to swim in the pool, and I also enjoy the ocean."
"The restaurant had amazing food, yet it was noisy."
"She’s studying for her exams, and she’s also working part-time."
"The class was difficult, but the teacher was very helpful."
"He was in a hurry, yet he stopped to help a stranded motorist."
"I need to do the laundry, or I’ll run out of clean clothes."
"They went to the zoo, and then they had a picnic in the park."
"The sun was shining brightly, but it was also scorching hot."
"She loves to dance, although she’s not very good at it."
"I’ll visit the museum, and then I’ll have lunch at the cafe."
"They played board games all night, but they didn’t get tired."
"She enjoys going to the gym, and she’s also a yoga enthusiast."
"The show was sold out, yet they managed to find tickets."
"I’m going to the library to study, or I can stay home and read."
"The cake was delicious, but it was too rich for my taste."
"She wanted to take a vacation, although she couldn’t get time off work."
"He enjoys hiking in the mountains, whereas his friends prefer the beach."
"They had a great time at the party, yet they left early."
"I’ll buy some groceries, and then I’ll cook dinner."
"The weather was cold, but they still went for a walk."
"She loves chocolate, whereas her husband prefers vanilla."
"He worked hard on the project, and he received a promotion."
"She’s very organized at work, although she’s quite messy at home."
"The book was interesting, but it had a slow start."
"I need to finish this assignment, or I won’t pass the class."
"He enjoys skiing in the winter, and he loves hiking in the summer."
"She wanted to buy the new phone, but it was too expensive."
"The concert was postponed, yet we still want to go."
"I like to swim in the pool, whereas my sister prefers the beach."
"They were excited about the trip, but it got canceled."
"She loves to read novels, and she’s also a fan of poetry."
"The park is beautiful, yet it’s quite far from here."
"I have to finish my chores, so I can go out with friends."
"He was exhausted after the game, yet he felt accomplished."
"She’s a vegetarian, but she cooks meat for her family."
"The movie was funny, although it had a few sad moments."
"I need to finish this book, or I’ll never know the ending."
"They went to the amusement park, and they rode all the rides."
"The sun was shining, but it was quite windy."
"He enjoys painting, whereas his brother prefers sculpture."
"She wanted to go on a road trip, although she didn’t have a car."
"The restaurant had a great atmosphere, but the food was mediocre."
"I’ll exercise at the gym, and then I’ll go for a swim."
"They both love dogs, and they have two of their own."
"The weather was unpredictable, yet they decided to have a picnic."
"She loves to travel to exotic places, although she’s afraid of flying."
"He was in a hurry, yet he took the time to help a stranger."
"I need to complete this project, or I’ll face a deadline."
"They visited the museum, and then they had lunch at a nearby cafe."
"The sun was setting, but it was still warm outside."
"She’s a talented singer, and she also plays the piano."
"He enjoys gardening, whereas his sister prefers cooking."
"The book was a bestseller, but it had mixed reviews."
"I’ll take the bus to work, or I’ll carpool with my coworker."
"Soon we dropped into a living forest, where cold-tolerant evergreens and boreal animals still evoke the Canadian heritage of an ecosystem pushed south by glaciers 20,000 years ago."
"Annual population growth rate (2011 est., CIA World Factbook): 1.284%."
"This has led to the recent banning of Neonics in the EU, however the US and Canada are still using this chemical pesticide."
"In addition, these colors weren't confined to a province but rather irregularly scattered across various regions over all of China."
A family member or a support person may stay with a patient during recovery.
"By the time emigrants got to what is now Nevada, they had been on the trail long enough that their supplies were down to just the basics."
"Advances in valve technology allow air cannons to operate with lower ... generation, coal, metal and .... installed on a cement plant's primary crusher."
It stretched 363 miles across New York State from the Hudson River in the east to Lake Erie in the west.
"The new development will therefore create connected spaces, accessible rooftops, pathways and passages."
We generate a signal with the same frequency as frequency of pins 5 and 6 and after each pulse we change the duty cycle(values from the vector) with an interrupt.
"Every minute of its existence, a living cell must assess and analyze myriad bits of information—everything from the temperature of its environment to the chemical makeup of its surroundings."
This levy is one of a number of measures put forward by the Institute for Public Policy Research to address London's housing crisis.
"However, a neighbour can complain to local authority about your hedge, if its height 'reduces the amenity value' of their garden, by reducing light to windows (not an issue, the gardens are too long) or denying them winter sunshine."
Academia in business includes business training at the business certificate level.
"However, patients with cancer-related emergencies can begin their treatments sooner."
"All throughout the book, Barry introduces excerpts from Bishop's poems and archival images."
"The flowers are blooming, the birds are chirping, and the bees are assembling for their annual suicide attacks."
"By Kate Vidinsky, UCSF News Office | May 20, 2011 Individuals who are treated for cancer during childhood have a significantly higher risk of developing gastrointestinal (GI) complications -- from mild to severe -- later in life, according to a study led by the University of California, San Francisco."
"Stress, anorexia, weight loss or gain, stopping birth control pills, thyroid conditions, and ovarian cysts are examples of things that can throw your hormones out of whack."
"In a 17-point strategy, the French government called for the development of an EU action plan against third Countries deforestation by the end of the current legislature in mid-2019."
"If this doesn't happen and the rash worsens, you should consult your doctor."
"Also, used in humidifiers (3 – 4 drops per gallon of water)."
"Block and file access via iSCSI,FC and NFS protocols."
"Fjeldsa (1982) noted that Silvery Grebes show high restlessness and form long lines that move back and forth on a lake from where, in the subsequent night, at least part of the population departed."
"Keep in mind that the consequences you impose are to draw attention to the lesson you are trying to teach them, not to punish them."
The experiments ended in 1965.
A. Baptism testifies to believers that God has cleansed them from their sins through Jesus Christ (Acts 22:16; Col 2:11-14).
How do we understand the hardening of Pharaoh's heart?
"The systems technology and operation is fantastic, it will have a huge impact on water conservation."
The two countries are locked in a dispute over U.S. allegations that China steals U.S. technology and forces U.S. companies to share trade secrets in exchange for access to the Chinese market.
This is therefore another factor that we consider when selecting food items.
"A further significant component of our law degree is the attention given to community service, both by our students and staff."
"The idea is that stacked boosters increase the signal (or pressure drop) across the outlet, which introduces main-circuit fuel earlier than single-booster designs."
Should You Be a CSP?
No lavish court or costly pageants or feasts and games or chances for easy or dubious riches could be expected during the time of this scrupulous northerner who earnestly desired reform and a united and tranquil Christendom.
Our mission is to send a message to kids everywhere about the importance of staying in school and loving it!
Creating a memory with loved ones?
"The terminating lobe of the opercle is slightly emarginated behind, the membrane projecting immediately above the notch in the form of a short salient point."
"Children are killed and disfigured on our roads every day, and every day we fail to stop the slaughter."
All animals are built (by the process called evolution) to survive in the normal place in which their kind live.
If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family – and God's love — this world would be a far more gentle and better place.
These may be signs that your child has an autism spectrum disorder.
"For example, a research project may involve comparisons of the health and recovery of all patients who received a particular medication."
"The off-site wind and solar projects alone will produce enough electricity to meet about one third of that consumption overall, or more than 40 percent of its consumption in California (additional onsite renewable generation will bring the total to 50 percent in state)."
"In the countryside of Ghana, in Ecuador, and in the Philippine Islands, countless people bring the produce of their farms and their handicrafts to a town to sell."
The land on which much of the present course stands is the site of a former open cast ironstone mine which was closed around 1874 for economic reasons.
Households with gardens were more likely to own cats and dogs than households without gardens.
"The most frequent (≥ 1%) adverse reactions that led to permanent discontinuation in monotherapy studies were infection, haemorrhage, multi-organ failure, and VOD."
"Changes in age at first birth do not appear to account for appreciable increases in overall U.S. breast cancer rates through 1990, although more delayed childbearing by women born after 1950 should ultimately contribute to an approximately 9% increase in rates.348 Since the 1940s, however, obesity, use of postmenopausal hormones, and alcohol consumption by women have increased dramatically."
"Below are some recommendations to help you manage your IBD, tailored to suit you based on the answers you have given."
"When God wants to accomplish something great for his namesake, he raises up a man or a woman on whom he can anoint, by whom he can fulfill his covenant promise, and through whom he can work."
"Bingo makes you think faster than non-players and keeps you more alert into old age, a researcher told a British Psychological Society conference."
We remember the events of our childhood.
These can help guide you through overcoming and preventing jet lag.
"Located away from rest of the hospital, continuous negative air flow in the ward is maintained by an extraction system to prevent infectious agents from contaminating the rest of the facility."
"Since caffeine is very similar to adenosine, a molecule in our brains, caffeine can function similarly in the brain, blocking off adenosine receptors in the brain cells."
"Sri Lanka is a country in South Asia, located on an island once known as Ceylon."
"In simple terms, how exactly does a tractrix differ from an exponential horn in its design?"
AdWords is considered to be one of the most effective Internet marketing strategies today.
When the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased.
One may also view the class ReaderLang as the blueprint for determining the meaning of language expressions: int is to tell the meaning of integer literals and add is to tell how to combine the meanings of two argument expressions to obtain the denotation for the addition.
Link impedance measures were also assigned to the local access links.
"This symposium aims to bring together world leading scientists in the field of cryoelectron microscopy, who will present and discuss their latest research and who will give a glimpse into the future of a field that is going through a revolution in technology that represents a quantum leap which had not been seen in over two decades."
"Mestizos, or mixed Spanish and native, come second; Natives come in third; while Afro-Peruvians come in fourth."
I am primarily interested in determining the component from the high voltage power lines near my house.
"The challenges here are far more complex than they were for trans fats, which are more easily isolated and replaced in the food supply."
"Acorns were abundant in southern Missouri this year, and that meant deer didnt have to move around much to find their preferred food."
"The slowdown is widespread, with 24 states awarding fewer highway and bridge contracts through September 2014 than they did a year ago."
Did you know you can tell the temperature by looking at the way the rhododendron leaves are curled?
Posterior uveitis can develop slowly and often lasts for many years.
Drilling on the Akie property by Canada Zinc Metals since 2005 has identified a significant body of baritic-zinc-lead-silver SEDEX mineralisation known as the Cardiac Creek deposit.
The idea is that a banker or foundation decides to fund a particular service or program.
The London College of Communication experience is all about learning by doing.
Capital regulation seeks to address this by way of risk weights.
What has it learn that children need formed?
"Filmmakers are being invited to submit short films identifying authentic athletes and documenting their experiences, in particular why they run and how the sport impacts their lives."
The change in the general level of consumer prices is compared with the change in consumer health care prices in Figure 1.
Smaller universities are being consolidated while professors have strict targets in terms of publications in peer-reviewed research journals.
Antioxidative flavonoids from the leaves of Morus alba.
Defining and characterizing system security.
"The concept applied Perceived Ease of Use (PEOU), Perceived usefulness (PU), Teaching Method (TM), task Technology Fit (TTF), Behavioral Attitude (BA) as factors influencing the use of the system (flipped learning)."
We use financial mathematics and an analytical eye to help banks understand the risk drivers within their lending portfolio.
"Alhambra Fire Department was only established in 1906, three years after it was incorporated as a city."
"To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour across the web using cookies."
The third transmission line is a proactive step to improve reliability of power transmission.
"A few consecutive years of drier, warmer springs is critical for our turkey population"
"On the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, he said that in 16 years, that country had moved from the likely possession of undeclared plutonium to acquisition of nuclear weapons."
There are an estimated 6.5 million adults who have suffered domestic abuse.
"When the news broke this week that Pope Benedict XVI was stepping down as the spiritual leader of 1.2 billion Roman Catholics because of his concerns about being able to do the job, many began to speculate that there were other reasons for the decision."
During the first 20 postwar years the shire's population steadily increased although not as rapidly as in the 1920s.
High Ultrasound Mechanical Index High ultrasound mechanical index values may cause microsphere cavitation or rupture and lead to ventricular arrhythmias.
United States writer of poems and plays about racial conflict (born in 1934).
Understand how to let go of the past and practice non-attachment.
"They gave to us a republic, a government of, and by, and for the people, entrusting each generation to keep safe our founding creed."
It combines the spending power of governments and business through an institutional framework that will be overseen by an civil society and the private sector.
"While the idea of cap and trade is simple—the system's goal is to reduce carbon emissions, the leading contributor to global warming—drafting the bill, not to mention its implementation, could be a nightmare."
These shortcomings amounted to non-compliance with at least four of the eight data protection principles under the Act.
"In any case, each cell represents an area dx∧dy in the XY plane."
"With the development of the industry, the competition of the plastic film manufacturing industry is increasing."
"The law states that each year, the transfers will increase by one percent until they reached 10 percent in 2010 (UCLG, 2008)."
"Cinterion technology is already at work in millions of vehicles, road signs and fleets around the world, relaying pertinent information in real time."
Direct sowing is easy for some plants such as peas and beets—see our Vegetable Planting Chart for more vegetables suitable for direct sowing this month.
"Early in 1274 the pope directed him to attend the Council of Lyons and he undertook the journey, although he was far from well."
"Services needed by some of the more vulnerable populations tend to get cut during a budget crisis, said Councilmember Jesse Arreguin, who added that the city lacks the resources it needs to serve the youth."
Making sharp edges of this kind by chipping away layers is without a doubt a process calling for intelligence and skill.
"Not surprisingly, 2000 is another year when districts within the margin of 5% outnumbered the overall electoral-vote margin under the hypothetical allocation."
The team behind the study interviewed children between the ages of 9 and 14.
"Source: Africa Portal Elizabeth Willmott Harrop July 4, 2012 ADDIS ABABA, ETHIOPIA – Africa has been dubbed the new frontier for inter-country adoption, and for good reason."
The refugees were taken to the detention centre to be processed.
"They are deeply worried about the possible outcomes when decisions that should be made democratically, by governments representing the rights and values of their citizens, are instead, being made by an elite group of corporate CEO's."
In this short résumé I cannot possibly exhaust the many ways in which we can observe single particles.
The two kinds of emulsions most pertinent are the anionic and cationic types.
"By using ring signatures and stealth addresses, Monero can protect both the sender and recipient from snooping eyes."
The REDD mechanism relies on creating a financial incentive for protecting the rainforests by allowing developed countries to buy forestry credits from developing countries.
Who is responsible for insuring the unit?
"DOE provided allocations directly to large cities (above 35,000) and counties (above 200,000) and provided allocations to state energy offices such as the State Energy Conservation Office (SECO) to administer to smaller cities and counties not receiving funding directly from DOE."
"American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition - v. To joke or quip."
"Make the move to BIM software Revit LT software is a simplified 3D BIM tool that helps you produce high-quality 3D architectural designs and documentation in a coordinated, model-based environment."
"Experts have been split right down on the middle on how safe dabbling with artificial intelligence is, but one thing all experts agree on is the unlimited capacity it holds."
Central Asia Atlas of Natural Resources.
"Front Page Titles (by Subject) CHAPTER V.: Of Adam's title to sovereignty, by the subjection of Eve."
The program is intended to support innovation and entrepreneurship in India.
"SAP, for instance, leverages webinars to showcase its software capabilities in helping organizations do business better."
"The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number."
"ISSN 0007-1005 Christie, Donald (2006) The new standards framework for Scottish teachers: facilitating or constraining reflective practice?"
"Freshmen with first-semester GPAs of up to 2.33 were about half as likely to graduate as students who had GPAs in the 3.68 to 4.0 range, the researchers found."
"He was the son of the famous painter and art historian Léonor, and was close friend of Stendhal."
"To briefly touch on some important aspects of this, which, again, require further investigation, analysis and synthesis: In the Soviet Union during the period of socialism (from the time of the October 1917 revolution up through the mid-1950s, when capitalism was restored) transformations of a truly major and in some ways quite profound nature were carried out which did qualitatively change the position of women in a positive way and significantly strike at deep-seated inequalities between men and women."
"Inevitably tools get borrowed, left on the side of a trench, moved about by the excavation gremlins and it can be difficult to tell what belongs to who at the end of the day, so labeling your equipment is a really good idea."
The rules for dividing family property can be very complicated.
"As for what was mentioned, however, about the portents of the Day of Judgment, the traditions of the Prophet have illustrated what shall be of those portents."
To learn more about the High Point campus project click here.
"The field of positive psychology provides substantial evidence that happiness brings us highly desirable life benefits, such as longer life, successful relationships, and more."
"If man was predestined, the concept of good and evil could not exist."
"Th e exhibition also provided the opportunity for the artist to converse with the philosopher and urbanist Paul Virilio, as well as with the astronaut Jean-Pierre Haigneré at the Mir space station."
"Subsidies to fossil fuels—a mature, developed industry that has enjoyed government support for many years—totaled approximately $72 billion over the study period, representing a direct cost to taxpayers."
"Here, we investigate these alternative modes of sexual dimorphism evolution in a phylogenetic framework and demonstrate that both processes contribute to dimorphic wing patterns in the butterfly genera Bicyclus and Funonia ."
"In January 2002 the Kaw Nation of Oklahoma membership totaled 2,553, a dramatic increase from the 249 persons on the allotment roll a century ago."
"Juniper research recently predicted that the rapid digitization of consumers' lives and enterprise records will increase the cost of data breaches to $2.1 trillion globally by 2019, increasing to almost four times the estimated cost of breaches in 2015."
"In spite of developments to date, there remains a need for a joint prosthesis system that provides an optimal combination of properties such as ease of preparation and use, and performance within the body, and particularly for use in those patients in which some meniscal tissue remains healthy, and might be retained."
"Comprehensive information on how and where to learn German, on learning materials, institutes fostering the German language, German language testing and summer courses are available on the website [URL] ."
"Once an attacker is associated with the WiFi network, it is possible to capture the administrative credentials to the camera and the provided access point's administrative credentials."
"Once a source travels faster than the waves that it emits, it can make contributions at multiple retarded times to a signal received instantaneously at a distance."
It brings us into the present so that we may fully receive what each moment has to offer and teach.
"In VMware's new certification matrix, the original VCP exam is now called the VCP in datacenter virtualization (VCP-DV)."
"The entire city was shaped by the works of architect Oscar Niemeyer, whose presence is felt in every corner of the city, from the spectacular Cathedral of Brasilia to the more intimate chapels and monuments."
"Suppose, with the LPP in mind, she insists that the child will have no life-prospects that she deems acceptable."
Saliva from a cough can travel at about 50 mph.
The project implementation will enable to complete the government-set high-priority task to provide the population of isolated and stand-alone areas with uninterruptable and reliable power supply using solar energy.
"Set up Your Tent to Dry If it was raining or damp while you were camping, always set up your tent afterwards so it can completely dry out."
Unspun cotton is extensively used for stuffing purposes.
Let's say that you have $500 in debt each month due to a car payment and an old student loan.
The problem with using stem cells for drug-specific treatment is that the live cultures are sensitive thus the cells may end up dying even before testing can begin.
We still don't know how to cross-compile Linux -> Mac.
It was James who made the 120-mile pilgrimage on foot to hand out alms and pray for Margaret's recovery after her traumatic first pregnancy.
Many of the struggles your child has faced in the school system will be eliminated simply because of the environment.
The National Museum of Natural History is open daily from 10 am until 5 pm except on Mondays.
It's a challenge to describe the effect: It breaks up the end of the room and creates an illusion where you can't tell if you're seeing through it or seeing a reflection of the room.
Choir is open to all students in grades 4-8.
"The ethnicity of the student population is diverse consisting of 57% White, 20% Black, 7% Native American, 6% Hispanic, and 4% Asian."
Core aeration prior to an application will facilitate the movement of the grubs into the root zone.
"We'll want to know why, in light of his understanding of God, Jesus himself believed that he needed to die."
Treatment of multiple myeloma cells with clinically relevant histone deacetylase inhibitors (HDACi) results in increased JAM-1 expression as well as increased histone acetylation and RNA polymerase II recruitment to its promoter.
"Resulting from rapid digital development, the quantity of sources of information significantly greater."
The use of written worksheets will also provide all persons involved with a clear and permanent record of the information.
"This action sets up a chain reaction that once begun, will cascade and result in changing a living cell."
One of the American dinner guests suggested that the conceit that the West could reconstruct Afghanistan was highly unrealistic— and so was the notion that the U.S. could do this in other countries from Iraq to East Timor to Haiti.
"Journal of College Student Retention: Research, Theory & Practice, [URL] Metcalfe, A. S. (2018)."
"Experts note, however, that both agency and congressional investigators have been critical for years of the SEC's handling of its information technology security."
How to donate blood Simply call 1-800-RED CROSS (1-800-733-2767) or visit redcrossblood.org to make an appointment or for more information.
"He argued that these decisions violated his right to a fair hearing, under article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR)."
"As noted above, the law does not prohibit a driver from holding a cell phone in his or her hand to turn it on or to initiate a function, which presumably would include dialing a number."
We are committed to each child's experience and empowering each family to advocate for their child now and throughout their educational career.
The University of Alabama denounced the act as cowardly and even went so far to send botanists to help try and save the trees.
"One student mentioned that we say 'a pair of trousers', or 'a pair of scissors'."
"Because this is only a short list of the numerous tomato plant diseases you may have to deal with, you may want to learn about some that are not listed, or see images to help you identify them."
This makes it possible for sanitation professionals to eliminate garbage and rubbish for multiple dwellings and businesses in the region at reasonable costs.
"The points, mounds, curls and empty spaces overlap and frame each other in ethereal microcosms."
You must know exactly what to do in order to have fresh indoor air at all times.
"Ohio statistics evidence that outcomes for these youth are quite poor with many by age 19 experiencing significant problems including: 14% have a child of their own, only 12% are employed full time, 26% are homeless and an additional 36% have experienced a period of incarceration."
Consumers can achieve supercomputer-like performance of more than 500 gigaflops compute capacity and enjoy rapid content transfers via USB 3.0.
"Located on a 250-acre site, this project includes 492 high concentration photovoltaic solar trackers from the manufacturer Amonix."
"Since the most reliable material is tile, its various modifications began to appear – soft bitumen and metal."
The legislated objective of the CCTR is to promote the use of Indiana's coal reserves in an economically and environmentally sound manner.
"American Splendor and More American Splendor, by Harvey Pekar and various artists A historical landmark that has lost none of its force, Pekar's stories paved the way for all who followed."
Find out how these regulation changes can help borrowers access capital.
Our tax system would not be legitimate if the burden were borne only by labour.
"How many people would drive a car, if they had to take care of it themselves?"
Learn about the different types of barkers and discover how easy it can be to change this unwanted behaviour.
"The researchers found positive associations between length of musical study, scores on executive functioning tasks, and performance on intelligence tests."
"So, many had attacked and looted the nation."
It is just a way to name a variation of pressure.
Some oral antibiotics can cause birth defects.
"Indeed there is already a real perceptible danger that, while man's dominion over the world of things is making enormous advances, he should lose the essential threads of his dominion and in various ways let his humanity be subjected to the world and become himself something subject to manipulation in many ways--even if the manipulation is often not perceptible directly--through the whole of the organization of community life, through the production system and through pressure from the means of social communication."
Effective against wide range of soil and seed borne plant diseases.
"We improve the lives of children and young people throughout the UK who are sick, disabled or disadvantaged."
And an instrument too for investigating the varieties of conflict that can give rise to paradox.
A movement to end all forms of discrimination against people released from prison.
"THE KAMPALA DECLARATION: In the Declaration, the ministers, inter alia, emphasize: active community participation in wetlands supporting livelihoods, calling on the private sector and civil society to promote and sustain the wise use concept; innovative economic incentives in promoting wetland wise use and conservation; and further research and exchange of information on avian flu in relation to wetlands."
"Representatives from business, health, education, human services, legislative, higher education, non-profit, court systems and parents are committed to creating a movement in our area that seeks to involve the entire community in supporting families as they raise their young children to succeed in school and in life."
"Clay also proposed [as part of the Compromise] the extremely pro-slavery Fugitive Slave Law [a revamped version of the old Fugitive Slave Law of 1793], in which law officials, federal marshals and ordinary citizens were required to capture or assist in capturing escaped slaves even in non-slave states."
Many of their studies rely on the N.C. Education Research Data Center.
"Instead, the s-curve can be seen as being made up of a series of 'bell curves' of different sections of a population adopting different versions of a generic innovation."
And what can you actually take away and use from their examples?
The city stretches approximately eight blocks from the Atlantic Ocean to the bay at most points in town.
"The Christian gospel would be preached as a witness to all nations (Matthew 24:14, Mark 13:10; Revelation 14:6)."
"Sunday School – At Bethesda, Sunday School is a place to be renewed in your faith, to realize your purpose in life, and to relate with others in a similar stage of life."
"Deuteronomy 23:17-18 There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel, nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel."
Your risk of tooth decay and gum disease increases.
"What would they think of the black and white images, let alone the chemical distortions?"
"The range of possibilities lead to greater variety among wine products, which is extended by the fermentation, finishing and ageing processes."
"Three forms of student performativity have arisen - bodily, participative and emotional - which threaten the freedom to learn."
Most parents recognize when a child with ASD may have some deficits in social skills.
"The rebalancing of LNG market will be driven by strong growth in Asia gas demand, especially in China."
There are many theories as to the cause of BPD that are being forwarded by professionals.
"Solution C Prepare a solution containing 5% of sodium chloride, 1.9% of anhydrous sodium citrate, and 0.1% of phenol in water, and adjust to a pH of 6."
Not one such study demonstrates the opposite.
"In the body, the gene SIRT1 was identified as a key regulator of processes such as glucose and insulin production, fat metabolism, and cell survival, leading to speculation that sirtuins, which are a class of proteins that the SIRT genes codes for, may well mediate effects of caloric restriction in mammals."
"Furthermore, a more relevant critique could be made of contemporary Southern Baptists by noting that unfortunately, many of them tend to emulate Hubmaier rather than Calvin regarding the doctrine of sin and its effects on human nature."
"But smoother increases in marginal tax rates, as under current law, create less economic friction, and fewer deadweight losses, then those with a number of peaks and valleys."
Mice and trackpads are designed to process commands to the PC or system.
"In the case of digital systems, where the microstructure is bits that are either completely on or completely off, it is easiest to build big things that tend to peg completely one way or another."
"Moving of the earth's surface or placing earthen materials on the earth's surface, by use of hand or power machinery and tools, including explosives, in any operation of cut, fill, excavation, grading, trenching, backfilling, or combination thereof as they are generally practiced in the construction trade."
"With the timely fulfillment of all its financial obligations, the credit rating gradually improves, but one overdue payment can drastically reduce it."
A university course teaches you a skill.
"Prior to launching her own organization, the Australian native worked in a rebel war zone in Burma, where she witnessed firsthand the link between forest ecosystem devastation and human rights abuses — and learned that effective campaigns can be grounded in hope and cooperation."
"Venezuela's coffee plantations are located along the mountainous regions of the Andes Cordillera and the Coastal Cordillera, an area that stretches from the border with Colombia in Táchira state until Paria peninsula in Sucre state."
"Technological resources are powerful tools, and the appropriate use of technology is an essential element of being a good steward of God's gift of intelligence."
"Its followers have over time considered anything, animate or inanimate, to be sacred and aspects of divinity."
"Since the brick sinks when out of the boat, it must be more dense than water."
"The president's residence was tentatively scheduled for demolition, but Fran recognized the building's historical importance and helped raise funds to renovate the Spanish-style home."
"Often the avocado seed is tossed into the bin or compost pile, or sprouted to create an avocado tree."
"We would just write ideas and write ideas, and go over it and over it."
Obviously some type of definition of openness in education would be helpful.
"The history of the Revolution resolves itself into a catalogue of various ill-judged measures which alienated the support of the Established Church, the Tory party, and the nation as a whole."
Misunderstanding the relationship between Christ's atonement and God's judgment can cause us to read the Bible for the wrong reasons.
"I remember that verse; it wasn't an allegory, it was one of the numerous nonsensical laws and regulations, written as literally and factually as the specifications for how priests should dress."
"TB-positive herd found in Alpena County January 3, 2013 ALPENA — Another dairy cow herd in Alpena County has tested positive for bovine tuberculosis, according to Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development officials.... No comments posted for this article."
Thus may circumstances alter the course of a mans life.
"Therefore, the financial institutions have tried to exert competitive power in the market through various ways such as affiliations with other financial companies, downsizing their physical facilitiesand expanding their service scope."
Teams of Austrian scientists may cut that time down a bit with a system they developed they say can create digital models of quantum-computing systems to make testing and development of both theory and manufacturing issues quicker and easier.
Women may stop menstruating and develop osteoporosis.
It decreases the immune reactions and is thus used to prevent the rejection of the organ transplants.
"WHO has said it was baffled as the disease, caused by the Streptococcus suis bacterium, had never before stricken so many people at one time."
They used an animal model in which they compared the performance and memory tasks of jet lagged hamsters against a control group.
Puente's paintings are rich in personal narrative and draw on dreams and visual stories she invents.
Tyrannosaurus Rex was roughly 5 to 7 tons in weight.
"Developed to facilitate participation in national and international competition, the Olympic sports organization provides structure for competitive skiing and snowboarding."
"Influenza-specific antibody responses were assessed for antibody concentration (Bmax), relative affinity (Ka), and hemagglutination inhibition (HAI)."
"Consider the following ideas to incorporate new and innovative design, technology and eco-friendly products into your bath this winter season."
"His depiction is much darker than the imagery we tend to associate with the fairy tale today - the mermaid is rendered in heavy, black and white ink, surrounded by strange, fearsome sea creatures."
"In addition, each ministry that works with or among children provides ongoing training specific to its ministry's needs."
"After all, the Supreme Court is a creation of the Knesset and is therefore representative of all of the people Jews, Muslims, and Christians alike."
"Often under conditions of great difficulty, Fenton produced more than 300 collodion-on-glass negatives depicting generals and other soldiers and panoramas of battle sites."
Light is delivered to the microscope through a single-mode fiber optic.
The Sixth Amendment also imposes on the State an affirmative obligation to respect and preserve the accused's choice to seek this assistance.
The teachers work closely together as a team to plan an enriching program that challenges each individual student to reach their full potential.
"Toddlers frequently have difficulty falling asleep, especially if the toddlers still feel like there is much fun and play to be had while awake."
"If so, thats the most likely cause of acidic urine."
"Meyers set up systems to analyze vast amounts of data to help policymakers track and evaluate the performance of critical programs dealing with homelessness, public housing and rental subsidies."
"The Online Learning Center offers online resources for instructors including PowerPoint[registered] lecture slides, and complete solutions to homework problems."
Per capita income grew by just 11%.
"Biometrics 52:797-810, 1996."
"SIDEBAR - Up Next: In October 2013, the Twin Cities will host a major national conference on teen sleep-the intersection between medicine, education, and policy-cosponsored by CAREI and the U's Academic Health Center."
"That, in a nutshell, is the absurdity of the love-hate relationship of Israel with France and the French."
"PISSARRO'S PLACES examines the seemingly simple landscapes painted by Impressionist artist Camille Pissarro, revealing baffling details and futuristic elements."
Diabetes 1996; 45 (2): 178 -182.
"For a time the center leased a building next door to house the sick, eventually offering nine hospice beds for persons in extremis."
"As a result, the outstanding balance of the loan actually grows larger with each payment rather than smaller."
"Living among the conventionally minded tradition-bound medieval Christians, Eckhart must have felt somewhat constrained in his expression and did not go so far as the Zen master would."
In your desktop computer at the lowest levels your CPU has support for storing data in registers and on something called the stack.
"They realized that if they kept their mouths shut, and their opinions to themselves, that they could get good grades and graduate."
"It is considered easier to digest even than spelt, and for that reason, it may soon become the flour we use most often in our kitchen."
"The room is designed to keep children busy and happy - including books, toys and TV."
"Finally, under duress, in 1877 they began to migrate there."
"Haldighati: The scene of the famous battle of 1576 AD fought between Rana Pratap, the heroic son of Udai Singh and the massive forces of the Mughal Emperor Akbar."
"Safal 71% SG is a non-selective, post-emergence herbicide for the control of annual, perennial, broadleaf and grassy weeds."
"With approximately 120 college visitors each fall, we have found that most girls are not able to miss class for longer meetings."
"Should I take money out of my 401(k) and invest it in something else, despite the tax penalties for doing so?"
And fresh food stays the freshest in the refrigerator.
They are an important resource for those trying to understand Chinese legal developments (or their absence) and their implications or impact.
"Home cleaning is typically done through the day, when the clients are at work or away from home."
"Because no aggregate formation was detected following the high shear stress and short surface exposure of injection, we believe that a likely explanation for the observed protein instability is interaction of the protein with the solid surface."
Architecture is also a vital part of Slovenian culture.
"It stimulates our central nervous system, along with chlorogenic acid, which is another kind of polyphenol, that scientists think helps with blood sugar metabolism and possibly high blood pressure."
"First, make sure the friend knows that your child's cancer, and related neutropenia, isn't contagious — otherwise he or she may be reluctant to come."
"Os Médicos de Família têm, assim, uma função importante a desempenhar neste contexto, visto haver um contacto mais estreito com a sua população de doentes e prestarem cuidados de saúde em continuidade."
The road to a diagnosis for most MND patients is long and arduous.
Yet his book Emile became a celebrated Enlightenment treatise on how to educate children.
Adult cichlids should be fed 2-3 times a day while the fry should be fed 5-7 times a day.
"The demonstrations in Tehran against the government are huge, as has been widely reported."
"For this purpose, we use Functionalism."
Participates in library and university task forces and committees.
"Since 1990, the federal government has declared the month of November a time to pay tribute to the achievements of the nation's estimated 2.9 million American Indians and Alaska Natives (PDF)."
The causes of CRPS remain unknown.
"But also because feminism isn't just about giving women the right to be physically and emotionally strong, it's about giving men the opportunity to feel things, deeply and truly, and express that."
"Argued January 4 and 5, 1911."
"Every three years, with around one hundred artworks mounted in situ, the festival represents a key art event in Asia."
Native Hawaiians were forced to abandon their traditional dress in favor of missionaries' standards of modesty.
"If you wanted your first Caterpillar Actor to say something, you would use \P[C2], C standing for Caterpillar."
"Our polymorph screening services use proprietary high-throughput crystallisation technology, with the capability to perform more than 1000 screening experiments using only a few grams of drug substance."
"EDF indicated in their release that under the proposed new standards from EPA and NHTSA, vehicles would meet an estimated combined average emissions level of 250 grams of carbon dioxide (CO2) per mile in model year 2016, comparable to 35.5 miles per gallon."
"The idea is not to cook the meat, but simply to warm it through."
Want more information about indoor air testing?
"It's named for the shoal called Dogger Bank in the southern part of the North Sea, which in turn is named for a type of medieval Dutch fishing boat called a dogger."
Trowulan are scattered red stones temples remains of the once mighty Majapahit Empire which in 14th century controlled the archipelago.
"Women of the Wall began in December 1988, when tourists attending a feminist conference decided to take a Torah scroll they had brought from the United States to a prayer service at the Western Wall, a remnant of the retaining wall that surrounded the ancient Temple Mount."
It has a long and distinguished history.
"Minimum qualifications include a Ph.D. in Physics, Chemistry, or Geology by the start date."
"Genes control everything about us, including the way that our body grows and functions."
"Jack, 37, is a Noahide, or a non-Jewish person who abides by the Seven Laws of Noah, a set of Jewish religious principles set out by the Talmud."
The British Coroner who conducted the first British inquest also refused to disturb the thoroughly investigated conclusions of German police concerning Jeremiah Duggan's death.
By using innovative therapeutic methods you will be able to provide your patients with significant benefits compared to more traditional dental practices and increase satisfaction levels amongst your patients.
The way in which academics work and think will vary depending on their discipline.
"Car accidents occur throughout each state, although every state has unique car accident statistics."
"It was conceived and built as an open door for the promotion of all of the cultural, artistic, scientific and technological expressions that our institution generates, and to host similar events which converge on us as a result of agreements with other national institutions and the rest of the world."
"Kasich's plan would increase taxes on legal services, accountants, oil and gas drillers."
The origins of the term 'Celtic art' come from attempts to chronologically organise objects in the collections of National Museums Scotland and the British Museum into narratives of national history in the 1850s and 1860s.
Danube Delta - It is the second largest river delta in Europe and best preserved on the continent.
"Deforestation and erosion, aggravated by the use of firewood as the primary source of fuel, are serious concerns."
"In 1823, Kamehameha II, Queen Kamamalu and a few chiefs and women sailed to England."
"Two alternative processes, originally proposed by Darwin and Wallace, differ primarily in the timing of events creating the dimorphism."
There are a number of beloved areas in Glacier National Park.
"Infratentorial brain tumors; Brainstem glioma Symptoms occur very early with posterior fossa tumors and may include: Symptoms from posterior fossa tumors also occur when the tumor damages local structures, such as cranial nerves."
"Israel has attacked UN schools before, saying that they were being used as safe havens for the armed Palestinians."
"However, paralysis, a type of incomitant strabismus, was excluded from our study because there can be changes in ocular deviation during recovery."
"For he learnt this on his way through these Arab tribes, who best understand and practice it."
"According to embodiments, control end 102 is a portion of the device that allows a user, such as a surgeon, to control deployment of the device through the blood vessels of a patient."
"Los Angeles is poised to ban elephants from performing in circuses within its city limits, after pressure from animal welfare advocates who have for decades condemned the methods used to train and transport elephants as abusive and cruel."
"We're concentrating on items that relate to the six New England states, plus New York State and Canada, along with some Irish, English and Scottish titles, social history, genealogy, reference material and ethnic history."
The capsule arrived at the orbiting lab in June with three astronauts and it is due to take them home in December.
"The researchers created a mathematical model that was designed to imitate, in a highly simplified manner, the neuronal processes that occur during human speech comprehension."
"If we introduce platelets by administering PRP in the area of damaged hair follicles, the process amplifies the body's naturally occurring wound healing mechanism."
There has to be a reason to believe that a crime has been committed.
One line of research investigates the influence of facial appearance on the perception of emotions in men and women as well as individuals of different age.
"Nusbaum, H. C. & Pisoni, D. B. Perceptual and cognitive constraints on the use of voice response systems."
A diesel engine that is supercharged by a turbocharger is sometimes referred to as a turbocharged diesel.
"This is especially true for Russian proverbs, which come from the old Slavic translations of the Greek version of the Bible."
Pulse first 4 ingredients in a food processor 3 to 4 times or just until corn is coarsely chopped.
"These false representations confine our collective memory to one of absolute night, forgetting the existence or possibility of sunrise."
People who are mentally retarded or physically handicapped people are set to benefit.
"The boys in the book are not at all like children of today – they had limited access to different cultures, were focused on an old-fashioned view of masculinity and had been brought up with a very restricted view of what they could be and what they could achieve."
"In fact they'll evaporate so quickly that even if the collider could make them, which is already questionable, they would just [dis]appear before the instruments could [measure] their existence."
"Rather, it is the more recently developed mathematics of fractals, information theory, and complexity."
Users can aggregate data for multiple communities and/or determine which data items to include in their report.
"This is partly a result of the changed nature of modern war: about 86 percent of the people killed in the World War I were uniformed combatants, whose identities were meticulously recorded, while 90 percent of the people killed in recent wars have been civilians, making counting and identifying them much more difficult."
It became famous in 1961 when the dam collapsed and the entire water grabbed Pune city.
"Therefore, pushing the yen down has been a central plank of government policy for years."
Thanks for the help.
Could virtual reality treat anxiety?
"All plumages for each species are illustrated, including males, females and juveniles."
"This process achieves high yield strength, but also introduces brittleness, so the material is subsequently tempered to remove the stresses and greatly reduce the risk of the material breaking."
This growing field of research combines chemical.
"By harnessing the heat produced in the generating process and reducing transmission over long distances by being site based, the CHPs save energy and carbon emissions."
"The reason behind is that if the users cannot use e-service when they need, they will immediately switch to some other e-service."
"Therefore, if I pick an arbitrary date of 220.127.116.11.1, this represents the Mayan date of approximately 1012 years, 7 months and 1 day."
A huge jet aircraft (such as a 435ton Boeing 747) can glide to safety with NO ENGINE POWER.
The state's Watershed Implementation Plan (WIP) includes methods for achieving that goal.
"The destruction of European Jewry by the Nazis and their willing collaborators was a national trauma that we still suffer to this day, while the establishment of a democratic Jewish state in our ancestral homeland is a miracle that continues to inspire us and make us proud."
"According to the U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops, more than 45 million abortions were performed in the United States from 1973 through 2005."
"We need to develop tracking mechanisms and provide oversight of e-waste compliance, in order to ensure that the mechanism of e-waste disposal is streamlined as much as possible."
There are other multivitamin/multimineral tablets that contain high levels of certain nutrients far above nutritional needs.
"John Brightwell Morton's dates (July 4, 1807 — 1881) are given on his tombstone."
"Our Department will be thoroughly involved, very hands on, and not rely on scientists only."
The art that these men produced in their own wise ways outlived the crushing backwardness of the Middle Ages.
"Example: A 2,000-watt system, that has a total cost of $8,000, is considered to cost $4 per watt."
It can be acute or chronic.
"Collins died on an airplane en route to Honolulu on July 16, 1974, just as attitudes toward the Japanese American wartime experience—and particularly the unpopular Japanese Americans he represented—were beginning to change."
"In both math and reading, the start-time effect is roughly the same for students age 11 and 12, but increases for those age 13 and is largest for students age 14 (see Figure 2)."
"When a young man named Doug McWilliams started taking photos for Topps baseball cards in the early 1970s, he was looking beyond the standard existing parameters of baseball card photography."
"Chapter 13 - Repayment Plan Chapter 13 is a repayment plan for individuals with regular income and unsecured debt less than $336,900 and secured debt less than $1,010,650."
The intensity of such changes is greatly affected by the climate.
"But when a child does want to know, or learns from other children and asks Mom or Dad to explain things, it makes sense to respond with age-appropriate detail."
People with autism are sometimes said jokingly to be on another planet.
The benefit of reducing rates on restaurants to 5 per cent will benefit consumers across the country.
The search for alternatives to traditional energy intensive separation methods such as distillation has led to the introduction of processes based on membranes.
We use the model to understand different strategies by which a population may locate some resource in its environment.
Resource: The Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.
Their goal was to find small molecules that could activate the gene for a protein that promotes bone formation.
The Jot of Guru Nanak came in to the form of a Child for many reasons.
Life begins with clean water and access to this most precious commodity is more important than ever to the billions of people across Asia and the Pacific.
These communities are usually economically disadvantaged with limited access to quality healthcare.
"The Halverson Project (HALPRO) is discussed in Matloff and Snell, Strategic Planning: 1941-42, pp."
If we care about this education in this country then we must: - Be willing to engage together - Push aside the status quo and our own agendas - Admit that we have a problem - Recognize that it is hard work and commit to it for the long haul.
"It contained the estates of many of the city's powerful nobles, including Nahkt (Chief Minister), Renefer (General), Panehesy (High Priest of the Aten) and Ramose (Master of Horses)."
"As at December 31, 2012, Resolute owned or managed 14.7 million hectares (36.3 million acres) of timberland in Canada and the United States."
"If you want to learn more about the switch case, you can read our tutorial on Java switch case conditional statement."
"It is necessary to have measurements not only to plan how to address water conservation, but also to monitor and track progress made in these programs as well as to adjust and make changes."
"Under X, fonts are named by their X logical font description (XLFD)."
Tizen is a registered trademark of The Linux Foundation.